Add support for organization certificates (#21)
web-eid/web-eid-asp-dotnet-example: README.md

In case you need to provide your own CA certificates, add the `.cer` files to the  `src/WebEid.AspNetCore.Example/Certificates/{Dev,Prod}` profile-specific directory.

### 3. Setup the `libdigidocpp` library for signing

`libdigidocpp` is a library for creating, signing and verifying digitally signed documents according to XAdES and XML-DSIG standards. It is a C++ library that has [SWIG](http://swig.org/) bindings for C#.

Set up the `libdigidocpp` library as follows:

#### For MS Windows

> 1.  Install the _libdigidocpp-3.14.4.msi_ package or higher. The installation packages are available from  [https://github.com/open-eid/libdigidocpp/releases](https://github.com/open-eid/libdigidocpp/releases).

Author: ```suggestion
1.  Install the _libdigidocpp-3.17.1.msi_ package or higher. The installation packages are available from  [https://github.com/open-eid/libdigidocpp/releases](https://github.com/open-eid/libdigidocpp/releases).
```

3.  Copy all files from either the `x64` subfolder of the `libdigidocpp` installation folder to the example application build output folder `bin\...\net60` (after building, see next step). When building custom applications, choose `x64` if your application is 64-bit and `x86` if it is 32-bit.
4.  When running in the `Development` profile, create an empty file named `EE_T.xml` for TSL cache as described in the [_Using test TSL lists_](https://github.com/open-eid/libdigidocpp/wiki/Using-test-TSL-lists#preconditions) section of the `libdigidocpp` wiki.

#### For Ubuntu Linux

1. Add RIA repository to install the official _libdigidocpp-csharp_ package:
```sh
wget https://github.com/web-eid/web-eid-asp-dotnet-example/raw/main/src/ria_public_key.gpg
cp ria_public_key.gpg /usr/share/keyrings/ria-repository.gpg
echo "deb [signed-by=/usr/share/keyrings/ria-repository.gpg] https://installer.id.ee/media/ubuntu/ $(lsb_release -cs) main" > /etc/apt/sources.list.d/ria-repository.list
```
2. Install the _libdigidocpp-csharp_ package:
```sh
apt update
apt install -y --no-install-recommends libdigidocpp-csharp
```

> #### For macOS

Reviewer: Mac has prebuilt binaries available https://github.com/open-eid/libdigidocpp/releases

> 1.  Install the _libdigidocpp-3.14.4.pkg_ package or higher. The installation packages are available from  [https://github.com/open-eid/libdigidocpp/releases](https://github.com/open-eid/libdigidocpp/releases).

Author: ```suggestion
1.  Install the _libdigidocpp-3.17.1.pkg_ package or higher. The installation packages are available from  [https://github.com/open-eid/libdigidocpp/releases](https://github.com/open-eid/libdigidocpp/releases).
```
